README.md, before:

# what-i-watch

## 2023-01
10

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1HqWIUSMGQ don't care about comma ai, just like to watch George Hotz's video

11

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkNkSQ42jg4 , yet another Elon's video

12

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvb00oaa3k8 , known what's Kafka

23

https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1ED4y1n7MD , known the concept of socialized upbringing, but this video is not too clear

25

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57OU18cogJI , `reduce the cost of energy`, `try crpyto`, `biotech in 5 years`, `human life extension`

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebjkD1Om4uw , it would have been way more enjoyable if I hadn't already seen those ideas on Twitter

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLdIPmE4dCs , yet another Elon's video, about gigafactory Nevada

27

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Pxfo4rT3f8&t=2238s , 'price really matters'

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYJtb2YXae8 , cause the microphone is better, it can capture the imperfect voices in daily life

## 2023-02

03

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3_PwvvfxIU , see the power of media

05

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6pyHVlXI7U , Arc is as beautiful as she

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOMQiMxh5Bc , the honesty of the engineer

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVda3zFLlhc , what a team

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKJfakEsgy0 , Mr.Beast's 7 years

07

https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1ht411E7MQ/ , congratulation

15

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrz5IOIGkBg , civilazations coropore too much

16

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biPlFWl64ws , remind me of the time when Jobs pulled that macbook air out

19

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPYl7nIKRbA , good video of Lvan

22

https://research.runwayml.com/gen1 , good ideas will be able to be implemented

23

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKYeAhsWF70 , AI by hotkeys

26

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0e3GPea1Tyg , feel more real than squid game, though it's real

## 2023-03

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxKXJWf-WMg , amazing video about startup, will watch it again and again

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRwk9UajXFg , not that good, watched anyway

## 2023-04

https://www.youtube.com/shorts/J65BnmxHL8I , make death a part of life

https://www.youtube.com/shorts/Dqj04dDDf14 , the idea of "count the number during watch anime" is just so unique

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVWWp1PqDus , funny

## 2023-05

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8OI53Xylfo , talk of CEO of Nvida

Commit message:

Add a video with a conversation containing a lot of information and excitement in 2023-05 to README.md

README.md, after:

# what-i-watch

## 2023-01
10

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1HqWIUSMGQ don't care about comma ai, just like to watch George Hotz's video

11

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkNkSQ42jg4 , yet another Elon's video

12

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvb00oaa3k8 , known what's Kafka

23

https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1ED4y1n7MD , known the concept of socialized upbringing, but this video is not too clear

25

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57OU18cogJI , `reduce the cost of energy`, `try crpyto`, `biotech in 5 years`, `human life extension`

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebjkD1Om4uw , it would have been way more enjoyable if I hadn't already seen those ideas on Twitter

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLdIPmE4dCs , yet another Elon's video, about gigafactory Nevada

27

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Pxfo4rT3f8&t=2238s , 'price really matters'

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYJtb2YXae8 , cause the microphone is better, it can capture the imperfect voices in daily life

## 2023-02

03

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3_PwvvfxIU , see the power of media

05

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6pyHVlXI7U , Arc is as beautiful as she

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOMQiMxh5Bc , the honesty of the engineer

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVda3zFLlhc , what a team

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKJfakEsgy0 , Mr.Beast's 7 years

07

https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1ht411E7MQ/ , congratulation

15

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrz5IOIGkBg , civilazations coropore too much

16

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biPlFWl64ws , remind me of the time when Jobs pulled that macbook air out

19

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPYl7nIKRbA , good video of Lvan

22

https://research.runwayml.com/gen1 , good ideas will be able to be implemented

23

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKYeAhsWF70 , AI by hotkeys

26

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0e3GPea1Tyg , feel more real than squid game, though it's real

## 2023-03

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxKXJWf-WMg , amazing video about startup, will watch it again and again

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRwk9UajXFg , not that good, watched anyway

## 2023-04

https://www.youtube.com/shorts/J65BnmxHL8I , make death a part of life

https://www.youtube.com/shorts/Dqj04dDDf14 , the idea of "count the number during watch anime" is just so unique

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVWWp1PqDus , funny

## 2023-05

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sUwRiIncKU , a conversation with a lot of information, and also quite exciting

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8OI53Xylfo , talk of CEO of Nvida
